Warn when a mark is applied to a fixture (#8428)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/3664.deprecation.rst

> Deprecate applying a mark to a fixture

Reviewer: Similar to comment above, would be good to add some remediation details here, e.g. `Applying a mark to a fixture function is deprecated. Doing so has no effect. If you want to apply a mark to all functions which request the fixture, use XYZ instead.`

> Deprecate applying a mark to a fixture

Author: ```suggestion
Applying a mark to a fixture function is deprecated. Doing so has no effect.
```

> Applying a mark to a fixture function is deprecated. Doing so has no effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Applying a mark to a fixture function now issues a warning: marks in fixtures never had any effect, but it is a common user error to apply a mark to a fixture (for example ``usefixtures``) and expect it to work.

This will become an error in the future.
```
